I am on an island with a girl that I like. We are together when I develop the ability to fly. Amazed and confused, I am confronted by a warrior in midair. She explains to me that she is part of a group that protects the island from monsters that come from underwater. She trains me to become a member of this group and I gain many different abilities.
Sometime after my training, we are attacked by minor monsters that come out from underneath the first chain (the first of a series of chains that descend into the ocean depths). We fight and defeat them.

During a festival on the island, I show the girl that I like my ability to produce a mermaid tail and wings in order to impress her. I perform some kind of dance in a pool. Suddenly, the warrior calls to me to go with her to the castle, a towering black fortress at the top of the island, which acted once as the old home of the guardians. On our way there, she explains to me that a dragon, a high level monster has escaped confinement and emergency chains have encompassed the castle to prevent the dragon from escaping. While we fought against the dragon, a death knight (another high level monster and very intelligent) had also escaped and snuck out of the castle to begin destroying the chains in the ocean. 
Once the warrior and I are able to subdue and confine the dragon in its prison, we  hurry to the coast to find that monsters have begun to fly out from beneath the waves and have been reeking havoc upon the coast of the island.
Shortly after we destroyed the monsters, a massive demon manages to break free from the lower chains and casts an illusion that causes the ocean to appear as a wheat field at harvest. The villagers on the island are hypnotized by the demon and the begin to walk into the water where they get pulled in beneath the waves. The guardians are able to wake them from the trance as if from a dream, by disturbing them or shoving them. After most of the villagers are saved and the illusion demon destroyed by the guardians, the warrior and I go below to rescue the pulled in villagers and destroy the death knight.

As we descend into the ocean, we work with the other guardians to repair the upper chains and prevent other monsters from escaping to the surface. We continue our descend past layer after layer of chains until we finally reach a depth that the warrior had yet to delve. We continue in order to pursue the death knight and destroy him before he causes more untold damage.

The dream ends shortly after we pass several layers of chains and reach the ocean floor, which itself is used as a barrier chain. The ocean floor has the structure of sponge or Swiss and has thousands of tunnel networks that we swam through to chase the death knight. The warrior explained, between fighting monsters and navigating the tunnels, that underneath the ocean floor there is a vast abyss in which calamitous abominations and demons are imprisoned under the chains, constantly attempting to weaken their confinement. She fears that the death knight might be trying to make it into the abyss (Gehenna) to try and release one of the calamities.

<h2>Background</h2>
The dream takes place on a large island with a mountain in the middle. The mountain itself is split down the middle with a spring that supplies a waterfall that cascades down the mountain in several pools that collect on steps down the cliff face. These steps provide space for the inhabitants of the island to live on and they produce a kind of hierarchy on the island while peasants settle the base of the island, which is wide and provides a lot of land for farming.
The peak of the mountains could not be reached by climbing, leading the ancient peoples to construct a large tower that allowed them access to the top of the mountain where they found the spring that fed the waterfall. The spring they found turned out to be a source of power for the people who were submerged into it who then became the guardians of the island. With these powers, they constructed for themselves the castle around the tower and established their order.

The chains that surround the island might have predated the ancient guardians and the spring empowers guardians in order for them to continue stewardship over the chains. The island could be a nexus that gives the chains their power to imprison monsters.

The first two chains are under open ocean, with no ocean geography obscuring or obstructing them. Each chain has a unique design and are forged with ancient glyphs, runes and inscriptions within each link. After the third or fourth chain, a dense structure begins to form amidst the chains as you approach the ocean floor which is itself the fifth chain. This area is teeming with monsters who are small enough to get through the lower level barriers. Each chain becomes more intricate and densely packed, so even small monsters cannot pass through them. The ocean floor is supported by the sixth chain, which is built out of a series of infinite, almost fractal transmutation circles and runes. Under the sixth chain, a second ocean, in which no light abides, exists which holds incredibly dangerous monstrosities and demons.