Though fuzzy now, I had a dream in which lived a boy who led a normal life by all appearances, but who could also, seemingly at will, transport himself to an upside down(Stranger Things & School bus Graveyard) of sorts. A world which mirrored our own in many ways, but in this world, nightmares are made manifest (or maybe it was spirits in general? I only saw the bad ones). In this upside down world, being outside for too long was a death sentence, as these nightmares, black creatures of varying shape and intellect, could come at you and kill you, abduct you or God knows what else. But as long as you could make it inside a building in which there are no open doorways or windows, you were relatively safe (you still had to deal with the people who lived in those buildings).

The little bit of story that I can remember went something like this:  
This boy (teenager maybe) was living a normal college(?) life while also being able to transport himself to this upside down place. I only remember a few scenes from this upside down place:

In one, the boy ran across a small alley way and jumped into what looked like a fire escape that, once inside, was pushed by some force, spiritual or mechanic, into the interior of some parking garage building thing. There he spoke to some people he appeared to know.

In another scene, the boy was inside an apartment (or hotel) building with some comrades when he noticed in horror that a window was being pried open by a pillow (or painting, I don't remember. It was some object capable of prying windows open). After this he hid himself and continued to pursue his comrades, who were now farther ahead, seemingly unaware or unfazed by this open window. As he followed him, he saw them come into a larger lobby like room where they came down a set of grand stairs and met "The Slaver" at the bottom. A black nightmare creature that was long and spindly, with a protrusion on the top of its head that resembled the rope of a noose sticking straight up and some type of a thick collar round its neck. The boys comrades approached the Slaver and they reported to it and received commands from it as if they were its lackeys. The boy heard everything without being noticed (I don't remember anything that was said).