I died and went to hell. Initially, it was like a survival situation where I was on the sidewalk of a terrifying neighborhood street (black and white a la Limbo). I somehow understood that if I buried my fresh, it wouldn't get eaten, so I did (I don't know how) and eventually I found a cave (lo-poly inside). In the cave, I saw a community of people scared, but together. A demon dog had found us after I spent a little time talking with some of the people. He had seen us through a window that was there apparently. I closed the curtains that I also noticed and it stuck its paw under the closed window sill and eventually got into the room. I told everyone to run while I baited the dog to chase me into an adjacent room (connected by a hallway) where the dead would run around in lava that turned into human feces under their feet. So I ran around, despite the pain, evading the demon. Then a voice told me the name of the demon and that it was a demon of politics, so I engaged it in a battle of wits and eventually defeated it.

The lava floor became hard-wood and the dead stopped running around. I returned to the small community, now in a different room and I cheered them up somehow (via some dream montage of me helping them with stuff) and we had a small party to celebrate. I had given them hope and they felt human again.

After some time, I was taken, by the demon whom I defeated earlier, to some kind of restaurant. He sat me in a circular booth with a different circular booth attached (sort of a rounded W shape) that a different demon was sitting at. They both appeared human at this point and they spoke to me, seemingly to negotiate / threaten / mock or scare me. One of the demons was making hot pockets, but eventually he had to ask me how to make them because it was human food and they weren't familiar with it. 