This one is escaping me, but as I remember it, I was some kind of squire / apprentice that worked at a news network in a large medieval town. This town could appropriately be called a maze out of which you do not get out without the right key.

The structure of the town was twisting narrow paths leading to rooms or courtyards of varying sizes, with hallways and tunnels crossing over and under each other haphazardly (several levels above and below the ground). It seemed to go on forever.

The interesting thing about this city, besides its Venice like canals, that could be more described like small streams going along the sides of some narrow streets or the pools or fountains set inside of certain rooms and bars, was its non-Euclidian nature.

In almost every wall, inside or outside, in every room or courtyard, were doors or secret trick walls that you wouldn't notice if you didn't know about them and they could only be accessed with the right keys. The thing is, depending on the key, the door would open to a different place. You could go into the same bar with two different keys that open the backroom and find yourself in two completely different rooms, say a storage room and an office or smoking ground. In the dream, I didn't go anywhere crazy, because I was a lower citizen. Imagine what a noble or a merchant would have access to, but I digress.

From what I can recall, I was an apprentice and this douchebag knight started visiting our broadcast courtyard thing (fairly small and the cameras were the only modern things in this place). Let's say he was courting one of my co-workers who I liked. I think I got some help from a woman who let me into a room at the back of a bar (with this interesting square pool of seemingly endlessly deep black water) and we did something (or a series of somethings). All I recall is that at the end of the dream, I was given three swords and at the broadcast courtyard, when trying to get back to my seat, I bumped one of the cameras ever so slightly and apologized profusely. This lead to the douche knight mocking me and start bothering me. I challenged him to a duel and he said he didn't have a training sword. I said that was all right and I offered one of my real swords to use. We dueled in a small courtyard just outside of the broadcast courtyard where I eventually cut his arm off just below the elbow and then I cut off his head.

Right before I woke up, I decided that I probably wasn't going to live much longer (I might have gotten injured in the fight), so I decided to cut off pieces of my body so I could see what they looked like inside. Right before waking up, I thought, maybe I wasn't about to die and me cutting myself up was probably unnecessary.